Yes, it's dirty. I don't mix it with this.
All the old women are like that.
Even the old women are like that.
What did I say?
I took the money from the shopkeeper and took it to the tobacco shop.
Then it became a small stone.
It became a stone, a pebble, and a branch of a branch.
I went to the branch and then I went to the house.
This is a round stone.
If the owner dies, the woman and the shopkeeper will be decided.
The head of the woman has changed.
There is a thing called ear hiding.
It's okay to hide your ears.
The people in Siberia have been covered up and disappeared.
Normally, in Japan, you hide your ears on purpose.
It's because it's an ear, but what if you hide your nose?
There are round faces and long faces.
The head is divided into three parts.
The face of the owner is divided into three parts.
It's not a big deal.
It's not strange.
The daughter and the mother are the same.
When the two are lined up and seen from behind,
I don't know which one is the mother and which one is the daughter.
I think it's the mother with wrinkles.
I don't know what to say.
The mother has a lot of dust in her mouth.
The head is like a broken bag.
It's like a
It's a little bit of a mess.
It's just a little bit of a mess.
It's not funny.
I'll tell you a little bit of a play.
Everyone is hitting the head of the flower from the bag.
I'm going to show it to the actor.
You can see that the actor is busy.
He's hitting the head of the flower.
He used to hit it with a brush.
It's not a brush now.
He's hitting it with a raw bread.
It's not a steel bar.
What are you going to do with all that?
The flower will get hot.
If it gets hot, I'll take it off.
I thought I'd be able to scratch it with a soldier's brush.
I'm going to make a play.